Closes #22012: Allow rack starting unit to be zero (#22295)
netbox-community/netbox: docs/models/dcim/racktype.md

### Starting Unit

> The number of the numerically lowest unit in the rack. This value defaults to one, but may differ in certain situations (minimal valid value is zero). For example, you may want to model only a select range of units within a shared physical rack (e.g. U13 through U24).

Reviewer: Tiny wording suggestion:

```suggestion
The number of the numerically lowest unit in the rack. This value defaults to one, but may differ depending on the numbering scheme used in the rack. The minimum valid value is zero. For example, you may want to model only a select range of units within a shared physical rack (e.g. U13 through U24).
```
